Zechariah
6
Again I lifted up my eyes, and saw, and behold, four chariots came out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of bronze. 
In the first chariot were red horses; in the second chariot black horses; 
in the third chariot white horses; and in the fourth chariot dappled horses, all of them powerful. 
Then I asked the angel who talked with me, "What are these, my lord?" 
The angel answered me, "These are the four winds of the sky, which go out from standing before the Lord of all the earth. 
The one with the black horses goes out towards the north country; and the white went out after them; and the dappled went out towards the south country." 
The strong went out, and sought to go that they might walk back and forth through the earth: and he said, "Go around and through the earth!" So they walked back and forth through the earth. 
Then he called to me, and spoke to me, saying, "Behold, those who go towards the north country have quieted my spirit in the north country." 
The LORD's word came to me, saying, 
"Take of them of the captivity, even of Heldai, of Tobijah, and of Jedaiah; and come the same day, and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah, where they have come from Babylon. 
Yes, take silver and gold, and make crowns, and set them on the head of Joshua the son of Jehozadak, the high priest; 
and speak to him, saying, 'The LORD of Armies says, "Behold, the man whose name is the Branch: and he shall grow up out of his place; and he shall build the LORD's temple; 
even he shall build the LORD's temple; and he shall bear the glory, and shall sit and rule on his throne; and he shall be a priest on his throne; and the counsel of peace shall be between them both. 
The crowns shall be to Helem, and to Tobijah, and to Jedaiah, and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the LORD's temple. 
Those who are far off shall come and build in the LORD's temple; and you shall know that the LORD of Armies has sent me to you. This will happen, if you will diligently obey the LORD your God's voice."'" 
